README.md, before:

# Power BI Icons

This repository contains PNG and SVG versions of icons for Power BI, provided to you to use in your documents or architecture diagrams.
Usage of these icons is subject to the license under which they are provided (see [legal notices](#legal-notices)).

## Available images
The following images are available:

|Icon / Logo|PNG|SVG|
|--|--|--|
|Any (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Any.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Any.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Any.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Any.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|App|<a href="PNG/App.png"><img src="PNG/App.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/App.svg"><img src="SVG/App.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Binary (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Binary.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Binary.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Binary.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Binary.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Browse|<a href="PNG/Browse.png"><img src="PNG/Browse.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Browse.svg"><img src="SVG/Browse.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Calculated Column|<a href="PNG/Calculated-Column.png"><img src="PNG/Calculated-Column.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Calculated-Column.svg"><img src="SVG/Calculated-Column.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Calculated Column Numeric|<a href="PNG/Calculated-Column-Numeric.png"><img src="PNG/Calculated-Column-Numeric.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Calculate-Column-Numeric.svg"><img src="SVG/Calculated-Column-Numeric.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Calculated Table|<a href="PNG/Calculated-Table.png"><img src="PNG/Calculated-Table.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Calculated-Table.svg"><img src="SVG/Calculated-Table.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Certified|<a href="PNG/Certified.png"><img src="PNG/Certified.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Certified.svg"><img src="SVG/Certified.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Change Detection Measure|<a href="PNG/Change-Detection-Measure.png"><img src="PNG/Change-Detection-Measure.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Change-Detection-Measure.svg"><img src="SVG/Change-Detection-Measure.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Computed Entity|<a href="PNG/Computed-Entity.png"><img src="PNG/Computed-Entity.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Computed-Entity.svg"><img src="SVG/Computed-Entity.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Create|<a href="PNG/Create.png"><img src="PNG/Create.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Create.svg"><img src="SVG/Create.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Dataflow|<a href="PNG/Dataflow.png"><img src="PNG/Dataflow.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Dataflow.svg"><img src="SVG/Dataflow.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Datagroup|<a href="PNG/Datagroup.png"><img src="PNG/Datagroup.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Datagroup.svg"><img src="SVG/Datagroup.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Datahub|<a href="PNG/Datahub.png"><img src="PNG/Datahub.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Datahub.svg"><img src="SVG/Datahub.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Datamart|<a href="PNG/Datamart.png"><img src="PNG/Datamart.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Datamart.svg"><img src="SVG/Datamart.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Dashboard|<a href="PNG/Dashboard.png"><img src="PNG/Dashboard.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Dashboard.svg"><img src="SVG/Dashboard.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Dataset|<a href="PNG/Dataset.png"><img src="PNG/Dataset.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Dataset.svg"><img src="SVG/Dataset.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Dataverse|<a href="PNG/Dataverse.png"><img src="PNG/Dataverse.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Dataverse-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Dataverse-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Dataverse.svg"><img src="SVG/Dataverse.svg" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="SVG/Dataverse-Colored.svg"><img src="SVG/Dataverse-Colored.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|DateTime Field|<a href="PNG/DateTime-Field.png"><img src="PNG/DateTime-Field.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/DateTime-Field.svg"><img src="SVG/DateTime-Field.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Date (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Date.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Date.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Date.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Date.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Date/Time (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Date-Time.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Date-Time.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Date-Time.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Date-Time.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Date/Time/Timezone (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Date-Time-Timezone.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Date-Time-Timezone.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Date-Time-Timezone.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Date-Time-Timezone.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Decimal number (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Decimal-Number.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Decimal-Number.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Decimal-Number.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Decimal-Number.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Deployment Pipeline|<a href="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline.png"><img src="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline.svg"><img src="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Deployment Pipeline - Development|<a href="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Development.png"><img src="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Development.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Development.svg"><img src="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Development.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Deployment Pipeline - Production|<a href="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Production.png"><img src="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Production.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Production.svg"><img src="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Production.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Deployment Pipeline - Test|<a href="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Test.png"><img src="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Test.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Test.svg"><img src="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Test.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Discover|<a href="PNG/Discover.png"><img src="PNG/Discover.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Discover.svg"><img src="SVG/Discover.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Duration (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Duration.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Duration.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Duration.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Duration.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Excel Workbook|<a href="PNG/Excel-Workbook.png"><img src="PNG/Excel-Workbook.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Excel-Workbook.svg"><img src="SVG/Excel-Workbook.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Favorites|<a href="PNG/Favorites.png"><img src="PNG/Favorites.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Favorites.svg"><img src="SVG/Favorites.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Fixed Decimal Number / Currency (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Currency.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Currency.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Currency.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Currency.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Folder|<a href="PNG/Folder.png"><img src="PNG/Folder.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Folder.svg"><img src="SVG/Folder.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Function|<a href="PNG/Function.png"><img src="PNG/Function.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Function.svg"><img src="SVG/Function.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Geospatial Field|<a href="PNG/Geospatial-Field.png"><img src="PNG/Geospatial-Field.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Geospatial-Field.svg"><img src="SVG/Geospatial-Field.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Hierarchy|<a href="PNG/Hierarchy.png"><img src="PNG/Hierarchy.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Hierarchy.svg"><img src="SVG/Hierarchy.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Identity Field|<a href="PNG/Identity-Field.png"><img src="PNG/Identity-Field.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Identity-Field.svg"><img src="SVG/Identity-Field.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|KPI|<a href="PNG/KPI.png"><img src="PNG/KPI.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/KPI.svg"><img src="SVG/KPI.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Learn|<a href="PNG/Learn.png"><img src="PNG/Learn.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Learn.svg"><img src="SVG/Learn.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Linked Entity|<a href="PNG/Linked-Entity.png"><img src="PNG/Linked-Entity.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Linked-Entity.svg"><img src="SVG/Linked-Entity.svg" height="25"></a>|
|List (Power Query)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-List.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-List.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-List.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-List.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Measure|<a href="PNG/Measure.png"><img src="PNG/Measure.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Measure.svg"><img src="SVG/Measure.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Measure Group|<a href="PNG/Measure-Group.png"><img src="PNG/Measure-Group.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Measure-Group.svg"><img src="SVG/Measure-Group.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Metrics|<a href="PNG/Metrics.png"><img src="PNG/Metrics.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Metrics.svg"><img src="SVG/Metrics.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Numeric Field|<a href="PNG/Numeric-Field.png"><img src="PNG/Numeric-Field.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Numeric-Field.svg"><img src="SVG/Numeric-Field.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Paginated Report|<a href="PNG/Paginated-Report.png"><img src="PNG/Paginated-Report.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Paginated-Report.svg"><img src="SVG/Paginated-Report.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Parameter|<a href="PNG/Parameter.png"><img src="PNG/Parameter.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Parameter.svg"><img src="SVG/Parameter.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Percentage (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Percentage.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Percentage.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Percentage.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Percentage.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power Apps|<a href="PNG/Power-Apps.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Apps.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Power-Apps-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Apps-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Apps.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Apps.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power Automate|<a href="PNG/Power-Automate.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Automate.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Power-Automate-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Automate-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Powe-rAutomate.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Automate.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI|<a href="PNG/Power-BI.png"><img src="PNG/Power-BI.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-BI.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-BI.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI (obsolete 2020)|<a href="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020.png"><img src="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020Black.png"><img src="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020Black.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020Yellow.png"><img src="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020Yellow.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Icon-Obsolete2020.svg"><img src="SVG/Icon-Obsolete2020.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI Datasource file (PBIDS)|<a href="PNG/pbids.png"><img src="PNG/pbids.png" height="25"/></a>||
|Power BI Desktop|<a href="PNG/Desktop.png"><img src="PNG/Desktop.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Desktop.svg"><img src="SVG/Desktop.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI Desktop optimized for Report Server|<a href="PNG/DesktopRS.png"><img src="PNG/DesktopRS.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/DesktopRS.svg"><img src="SVG/DesktopRS.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI File (PBIX)|<a href="PNG/pbix.png"><img src="PNG/pbix.png" height="25"/></a>||
|Power BI Report Builder|<a href="PNG/Report-Builder.png"><img src="PNG/Report-Builder.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Report-Builder.svg"><img src="SVG/Report-Builder.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI Template file (PBIT)|<a href="PNG/pbit.png"><img src="PNG/pbit.png" height="25"/></a>||
|Power Query|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Colored.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Colored.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power Virtual Agents|<a href="PNG/Power-Virtual-Agents.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Virtual-Agents.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Power-Virtual-Agents-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Virtual-Agents-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Virtual-Agents.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Virtual-Agents.svg" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="SVG/Power-Virtual-Agents-Colored.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Virtual-Agents-Colored.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Premium|<a href="PNG/Premium.png"><img src="PNG/Premium.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Premium.svg"><img src="SVG/Premium.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Premium Per User|<a href="PNG/Premium-Per-User.png"><img src="PNG/Premium-Per-User.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Premium-Pe-rUser.svg"><img src="SVG/Premium-Per-User.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Promoted|<a href="PNG/Promoted.png"><img src="PNG/Promoted.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Promoted.svg"><img src="SVG/Promoted.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Recent|<a href="PNG/Recent.png"><img src="PNG/Recent.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Recent.svg"><img src="SVG/Recent.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Record (Power Query)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Record.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Record.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Record.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Record.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Report|<a href="PNG/Report.png"><img src="PNG/Report.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Report.svg"><img src="SVG/Report.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Row-level security (RLS)|<a href="PNG/RLS.png"><img src="PNG/RLS.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/RLS.svg"><img src="SVG/RLS.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Shared With Me|<a href="PNG/Shared-With-Me.png"><img src="PNG/Shared-With-Me.png" height="25"/></a>|<A href="SVG/Shared-With-Me.svg"><img src="SVG/Shared-With-Me.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Streaming Dataset|<a href="PNG/Streaming-Dataset.png"><img src="PNG/Streaming-Dataset.png" height="25"/></a>|<A href="SVG/Streaming-Dataset.svg"><img src="SVG/Streaming-Dataset.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Streaming Dataflow|<a href="PNG/Streaming-Dataflow.png"><img src="PNG/Streaming-Dataflow.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Streaming-Dataflow.svg"><img src="SVG/Streaming-Dataflow.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Table|<a href="PNG/Table.png"><img src="PNG/Table.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Table.svg"><img src="SVG/Table.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Table (Power Query)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Table.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Table.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Table.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Table.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Text (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Text.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Text.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Text.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Text.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Time (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Time.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Time.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Time.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Time.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|True / False (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-True-False.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-True-False.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-True-False.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-True-False.svg" height="25"/></a>
|Warning|<a href="PNG/Warning.png"><img src="PNG/Warning.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Warning.svg"><img src="SVG/Warning.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Workspace|<a href="PNG/Workspace.png"><img src="PNG/Workspace.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Workspace.svg"><img src="SVG/Workspace.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Whole Number (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Whole-Number.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Whole-Number.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Whole-Number.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Whole-Number.svg" height="25"/></a>|

# Contributing


This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

# Legal Notices

Microsoft and any contributors grant you a license to the Microsoft documentation and other content
in this repository under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode),
see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file, and grant you a license to any code in the repository under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT), see the
[LICENSE-CODE](LICENSE-CODE) file.

Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation
may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries.
The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks.
Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.

Privacy information can be found at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/

Microsoft and any contributors reserve all other rights, whether under their respective copyrights, patents,
or trademarks, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.

Commit message:

adding note about icon differences

README.md, after:

# Power BI Icons

This repository contains PNG and SVG versions of icons for Power BI, provided to you to use in your documents or architecture diagrams.
Usage of these icons is subject to the license under which they are provided (see [legal notices](#legal-notices)).

Note: you might be seeing different versions of these icons depending on what application you are using. These are the current official icons.

## Available images
The following images are available:

|Icon / Logo|PNG|SVG|
|--|--|--|
|Any (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Any.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Any.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Any.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Any.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|App|<a href="PNG/App.png"><img src="PNG/App.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/App.svg"><img src="SVG/App.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Binary (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Binary.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Binary.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Binary.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Binary.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Browse|<a href="PNG/Browse.png"><img src="PNG/Browse.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Browse.svg"><img src="SVG/Browse.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Calculated Column|<a href="PNG/Calculated-Column.png"><img src="PNG/Calculated-Column.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Calculated-Column.svg"><img src="SVG/Calculated-Column.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Calculated Column Numeric|<a href="PNG/Calculated-Column-Numeric.png"><img src="PNG/Calculated-Column-Numeric.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Calculate-Column-Numeric.svg"><img src="SVG/Calculated-Column-Numeric.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Calculated Table|<a href="PNG/Calculated-Table.png"><img src="PNG/Calculated-Table.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Calculated-Table.svg"><img src="SVG/Calculated-Table.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Certified|<a href="PNG/Certified.png"><img src="PNG/Certified.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Certified.svg"><img src="SVG/Certified.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Change Detection Measure|<a href="PNG/Change-Detection-Measure.png"><img src="PNG/Change-Detection-Measure.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Change-Detection-Measure.svg"><img src="SVG/Change-Detection-Measure.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Computed Entity|<a href="PNG/Computed-Entity.png"><img src="PNG/Computed-Entity.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Computed-Entity.svg"><img src="SVG/Computed-Entity.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Create|<a href="PNG/Create.png"><img src="PNG/Create.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Create.svg"><img src="SVG/Create.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Dataflow|<a href="PNG/Dataflow.png"><img src="PNG/Dataflow.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Dataflow.svg"><img src="SVG/Dataflow.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Datagroup|<a href="PNG/Datagroup.png"><img src="PNG/Datagroup.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Datagroup.svg"><img src="SVG/Datagroup.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Datahub|<a href="PNG/Datahub.png"><img src="PNG/Datahub.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Datahub.svg"><img src="SVG/Datahub.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Datamart|<a href="PNG/Datamart.png"><img src="PNG/Datamart.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Datamart.svg"><img src="SVG/Datamart.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Dashboard|<a href="PNG/Dashboard.png"><img src="PNG/Dashboard.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Dashboard.svg"><img src="SVG/Dashboard.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Dataset|<a href="PNG/Dataset.png"><img src="PNG/Dataset.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Dataset.svg"><img src="SVG/Dataset.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Dataverse|<a href="PNG/Dataverse.png"><img src="PNG/Dataverse.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Dataverse-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Dataverse-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Dataverse.svg"><img src="SVG/Dataverse.svg" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="SVG/Dataverse-Colored.svg"><img src="SVG/Dataverse-Colored.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|DateTime Field|<a href="PNG/DateTime-Field.png"><img src="PNG/DateTime-Field.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/DateTime-Field.svg"><img src="SVG/DateTime-Field.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Date (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Date.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Date.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Date.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Date.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Date/Time (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Date-Time.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Date-Time.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Date-Time.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Date-Time.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Date/Time/Timezone (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Date-Time-Timezone.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Date-Time-Timezone.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Date-Time-Timezone.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Date-Time-Timezone.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Decimal number (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Decimal-Number.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Decimal-Number.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Decimal-Number.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Decimal-Number.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Deployment Pipeline|<a href="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline.png"><img src="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline.svg"><img src="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Deployment Pipeline - Development|<a href="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Development.png"><img src="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Development.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Development.svg"><img src="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Development.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Deployment Pipeline - Production|<a href="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Production.png"><img src="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Production.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Production.svg"><img src="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Production.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Deployment Pipeline - Test|<a href="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Test.png"><img src="PNG/Deployment-Pipeline-Test.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Test.svg"><img src="SVG/Deployment-Pipeline-Test.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Discover|<a href="PNG/Discover.png"><img src="PNG/Discover.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Discover.svg"><img src="SVG/Discover.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Duration (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Duration.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Duration.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Duration.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Duration.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Excel Workbook|<a href="PNG/Excel-Workbook.png"><img src="PNG/Excel-Workbook.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Excel-Workbook.svg"><img src="SVG/Excel-Workbook.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Favorites|<a href="PNG/Favorites.png"><img src="PNG/Favorites.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Favorites.svg"><img src="SVG/Favorites.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Fixed Decimal Number / Currency (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Currency.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Currency.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Currency.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Currency.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Folder|<a href="PNG/Folder.png"><img src="PNG/Folder.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Folder.svg"><img src="SVG/Folder.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Function|<a href="PNG/Function.png"><img src="PNG/Function.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Function.svg"><img src="SVG/Function.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Geospatial Field|<a href="PNG/Geospatial-Field.png"><img src="PNG/Geospatial-Field.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Geospatial-Field.svg"><img src="SVG/Geospatial-Field.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Hierarchy|<a href="PNG/Hierarchy.png"><img src="PNG/Hierarchy.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Hierarchy.svg"><img src="SVG/Hierarchy.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Identity Field|<a href="PNG/Identity-Field.png"><img src="PNG/Identity-Field.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Identity-Field.svg"><img src="SVG/Identity-Field.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|KPI|<a href="PNG/KPI.png"><img src="PNG/KPI.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/KPI.svg"><img src="SVG/KPI.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Learn|<a href="PNG/Learn.png"><img src="PNG/Learn.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Learn.svg"><img src="SVG/Learn.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Linked Entity|<a href="PNG/Linked-Entity.png"><img src="PNG/Linked-Entity.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Linked-Entity.svg"><img src="SVG/Linked-Entity.svg" height="25"></a>|
|List (Power Query)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-List.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-List.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-List.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-List.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Measure|<a href="PNG/Measure.png"><img src="PNG/Measure.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Measure.svg"><img src="SVG/Measure.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Measure Group|<a href="PNG/Measure-Group.png"><img src="PNG/Measure-Group.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Measure-Group.svg"><img src="SVG/Measure-Group.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Metrics|<a href="PNG/Metrics.png"><img src="PNG/Metrics.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Metrics.svg"><img src="SVG/Metrics.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Numeric Field|<a href="PNG/Numeric-Field.png"><img src="PNG/Numeric-Field.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Numeric-Field.svg"><img src="SVG/Numeric-Field.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Paginated Report|<a href="PNG/Paginated-Report.png"><img src="PNG/Paginated-Report.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Paginated-Report.svg"><img src="SVG/Paginated-Report.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Parameter|<a href="PNG/Parameter.png"><img src="PNG/Parameter.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Parameter.svg"><img src="SVG/Parameter.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Percentage (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Percentage.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Percentage.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Percentage.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Percentage.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power Apps|<a href="PNG/Power-Apps.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Apps.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Power-Apps-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Apps-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Apps.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Apps.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power Automate|<a href="PNG/Power-Automate.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Automate.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Power-Automate-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Automate-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Powe-rAutomate.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Automate.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI|<a href="PNG/Power-BI.png"><img src="PNG/Power-BI.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-BI.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-BI.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI (obsolete 2020)|<a href="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020.png"><img src="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020Black.png"><img src="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020Black.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020Yellow.png"><img src="PNG/Icon-Obsolete2020Yellow.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Icon-Obsolete2020.svg"><img src="SVG/Icon-Obsolete2020.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI Datasource file (PBIDS)|<a href="PNG/pbids.png"><img src="PNG/pbids.png" height="25"/></a>||
|Power BI Desktop|<a href="PNG/Desktop.png"><img src="PNG/Desktop.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Desktop.svg"><img src="SVG/Desktop.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI Desktop optimized for Report Server|<a href="PNG/DesktopRS.png"><img src="PNG/DesktopRS.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/DesktopRS.svg"><img src="SVG/DesktopRS.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI File (PBIX)|<a href="PNG/pbix.png"><img src="PNG/pbix.png" height="25"/></a>||
|Power BI Report Builder|<a href="PNG/Report-Builder.png"><img src="PNG/Report-Builder.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Report-Builder.svg"><img src="SVG/Report-Builder.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power BI Template file (PBIT)|<a href="PNG/pbit.png"><img src="PNG/pbit.png" height="25"/></a>||
|Power Query|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Colored.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Colored.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Power Virtual Agents|<a href="PNG/Power-Virtual-Agents.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Virtual-Agents.png" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="PNG/Power-Virtual-Agents-Colored.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Virtual-Agents-Colored.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Virtual-Agents.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Virtual-Agents.svg" height="25"/></a>&nbsp;<a href="SVG/Power-Virtual-Agents-Colored.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Virtual-Agents-Colored.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Premium|<a href="PNG/Premium.png"><img src="PNG/Premium.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Premium.svg"><img src="SVG/Premium.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Premium Per User|<a href="PNG/Premium-Per-User.png"><img src="PNG/Premium-Per-User.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Premium-Pe-rUser.svg"><img src="SVG/Premium-Per-User.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Promoted|<a href="PNG/Promoted.png"><img src="PNG/Promoted.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Promoted.svg"><img src="SVG/Promoted.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Recent|<a href="PNG/Recent.png"><img src="PNG/Recent.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Recent.svg"><img src="SVG/Recent.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Record (Power Query)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Record.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Record.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Record.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Record.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Report|<a href="PNG/Report.png"><img src="PNG/Report.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Report.svg"><img src="SVG/Report.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Row-level security (RLS)|<a href="PNG/RLS.png"><img src="PNG/RLS.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/RLS.svg"><img src="SVG/RLS.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Shared With Me|<a href="PNG/Shared-With-Me.png"><img src="PNG/Shared-With-Me.png" height="25"/></a>|<A href="SVG/Shared-With-Me.svg"><img src="SVG/Shared-With-Me.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Streaming Dataset|<a href="PNG/Streaming-Dataset.png"><img src="PNG/Streaming-Dataset.png" height="25"/></a>|<A href="SVG/Streaming-Dataset.svg"><img src="SVG/Streaming-Dataset.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Streaming Dataflow|<a href="PNG/Streaming-Dataflow.png"><img src="PNG/Streaming-Dataflow.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Streaming-Dataflow.svg"><img src="SVG/Streaming-Dataflow.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Table|<a href="PNG/Table.png"><img src="PNG/Table.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Table.svg"><img src="SVG/Table.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Table (Power Query)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Table.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Table.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Table.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Table.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Text (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Text.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Text.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Text.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Text.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Time (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Time.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Time.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Time.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Time.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|True / False (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-True-False.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-True-False.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-True-False.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-True-False.svg" height="25"/></a>
|Warning|<a href="PNG/Warning.png"><img src="PNG/Warning.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Warning.svg"><img src="SVG/Warning.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Workspace|<a href="PNG/Workspace.png"><img src="PNG/Workspace.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Workspace.svg"><img src="SVG/Workspace.svg" height="25"/></a>|
|Whole Number (Power Query data type)|<a href="PNG/Power-Query-Whole-Number.png"><img src="PNG/Power-Query-Whole-Number.png" height="25"/></a>|<a href="SVG/Power-Query-Whole-Number.svg"><img src="SVG/Power-Query-Whole-Number.svg" height="25"/></a>|

# Contributing


This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

# Legal Notices

Microsoft and any contributors grant you a license to the Microsoft documentation and other content
in this repository under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode),
see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file, and grant you a license to any code in the repository under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT), see the
[LICENSE-CODE](LICENSE-CODE) file.

Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation
may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries.
The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks.
Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.

Privacy information can be found at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/

Microsoft and any contributors reserve all other rights, whether under their respective copyrights, patents,
or trademarks, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.
